faseeh/index.md, before:

[template: notes]:/
[title: Notes for al-Faṣeeḥ Arabic Course]:/

#Notes for al-Faṣeeḥ Arabic Course

Please note that this page is being frequently updated, so please check back regularly. 

We will usually link to PDF content on Google Drive, rather than host the files here, especially due to problems rendering Arabic text in some web browsers. You can print and save the documents from there.

1. [al-Faseeh English Presentation - Lesson 1](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0Bzm5CIFEd6r6ZkZrM2xVYUpMTXM/view?usp=sharing)
2. [Arabic Grammar and Morphology Primer](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0Bzm5CIFEd6r6U0lqN0VfaWVRRmM/view?usp=sharing)
3. [الدَّرْسُ الثَّانِي](https://drive.google.com/a/kalemah.org/file/d/0Bzm5CIFEd6r6S3NlWmI5eW5XOW8/view?usp=sharing)
4. [عَرْضُ الدَّرْسِ]( الثَّانِي](https://drive.google.com/a/kalemah.org/file/d/0Bzm5CIFEd6r6YzNyTGFrY0FLdE0/view?usp=sharing)
)
##الدَّرْسُ الثَالِثُ - قَرِيباً إِنْ شَاءَ اللهُ

Commit message:

Removed Arabic from Faseeh index page.

faseeh/index.md, after:

[template: notes]:/
[title: Notes for al-Faṣeeḥ Arabic Course]:/

#Notes for al-Faṣeeḥ Arabic Course

Please note that this page is being frequently updated, so please check back regularly. 

We will usually link to PDF content on Google Drive, rather than host the files here, especially due to problems rendering Arabic text in some web browsers. You can print and save the documents from there.

**I had to remove the Arabic text from this index page, as it was causing problems rendering the page.**

##Lesson 1

1. [al-Faseeh English Presentation - Lesson 1](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0Bzm5CIFEd6r6ZkZrM2xVYUpMTXM/view?usp=sharing)
2. [Arabic Grammar and Morphology Primer](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0Bzm5CIFEd6r6U0lqN0VfaWVRRmM/view?usp=sharing)

##Lesson 2

1. [Lesson 2 - Student Notes](https://drive.google.com/a/kalemah.org/file/d/0Bzm5CIFEd6r6S3NlWmI5eW5XOW8/view?usp=sharing)
2. [Lesson 2 - Presentation](https://drive.google.com/a/kalemah.org/file/d/0Bzm5CIFEd6r6YzNyTGFrY0FLdE0/view?usp=sharing)

##Lesson 3 - Coming Soon, in shā' Allāh.
